very good to all kids that just like
you are welcome back to the channel and
we are here back in call of duty
advanced warfare and first of all I tell you
that you are going to listen to me a little differently
since the sweet beats have been broken
but surely this afternoon they are already
arranged but just now
I'm commenting with other helmets
surely you are listening to me
different but good I think that it
listen more or less well so we're going to
them kids how to get the speak and
if it's worth the speakeasy the asm one
speakeasy without touching us in a
supply this is not going to put that monkey
speakeasy we are not going to put some
accessories so that the normal s1 is
equivalent to the speakeasy so if
you want to see how this trick is done
good more than the trick this way to
have as a speakeasy for me not going
I teach now thinks it later
as you see here we have the ace-1
the asm 1 ok we do we put
vertical grip fire fast and you
we put scope when we have put
these accessories will be like having a
speakeasy if you do not look at the statistics and
you will see something else to save you a
space would be if you have the asm 1
reckless that you put it and it's coming
included the rapid fire with this we
we save a space but if we put the
same accessories, but if you do not have
the rules then nothing happens you can
put the other this amounts to a speed
and if it's worth it's a very easy trick that
I do not know I've seen that little has gone up
people and the truth because it is a trick that
The truth is that it serves a lot and is equivalent
to a speakeasy that we won with this
Well, let's get the explanation
in supply we can enjoy a
weapon transited as that disadvantage that
It would not be like not wearing accessories but
equally we all know that a spy
without accessories bursts likewise
what good kids at the beginning of the
video over here I'm leaving you two
notes in case you want to click on
other tricks on how to get
supplies and I remind you that you can
subscribe to not miss any video
I also remind you that this channel
it's not the audio quality that I use
have in the channel because right now what
I'm commenting with a microphone
pretty bad so soon it is
I'll probably have the microphone later
well and then we can return to the
normality in the channel as well as ones
I hope you liked it already
you know you can share the video or if you
He liked to give a like and a favorite that
help a lot and subscribe for not
miss any video so good
I hope you enjoyed a greeting and
until next time
chao chao